--- Page (1) Start ---

Anti-Money Laundering and
Countering Terrorism
Financing Policy
VERSION 02 - 2024
Legal and Compliance
HSA Group - Yemen Region -
www.hsayemen.com

--- Page (2) Start ---

An ti-Money Laundering and Countering Terrorism Financing
Legal and compliance
HSA Group - Yemen Region
Table of contents
1. Purpose 3
2. Scope 4
3. Definitions and Clarifications 4
4. Principles and Rules 4
5. Examples of red flags associated with 6
potential money laundering or other
illegal activities
6. Records Keeping 7
7. Training 7
8. Violating This Policy 7
9. Reporting of misconduct 8
VERSION 02 2024
Page 2 of 8

--- Page (3) Start ---

An ti-Money Laundering and Countering Terrorism Financing
Legal and compliance
HSA Group - Yemen Region
1. Purpose
Hayel Saeed Anam (hereinafter referred to as the
Group ) has a strong commitment to integrity and
honesty in how we work with our employees, our
partners, and the communities we serve.
At all times, the Group is committed to comply with
applicable AML and CTF regulations. A breach of such
laws and regulations may result in legal or financial
consequences for the Group and the individuals
involved.
This Policy represents the basic AML principles that
have been established to protect the Group and its
companies from engaging in any transaction that may
constitute money laundering or terrorism financing or
facilitate financial crimes. Although none of the Group s
companies are regulated entities for purposes of AML
and CTF laws and regulations and therefore do not fall
under the direct supervision of AML and CTF regulatory
authorities, the Group s Management has chosen to
take the initiative and raise awareness by applying
relevant AML and CTF standards to the activities of the
Group companies, confirming its commitment to
integrity in the conduct of all business activities as well
as the support we provide to charitable causes and to
the communities we serve. .
Guided by this policy, our employees, representatives,
and business partners are expected to be able to
identify and act accordingly if an activity may
compromise our ethical principles or damage the
Group s reputation. We expect all employees,
representatives, and business partner to embrace our .
values that ensure compliance is much more than
purely a set of rules and regulations for our organization
and is embedded in our culture and ways of operating.
This Anti-Money Laundering and Countering Terrorism
Financing Policy (hereinafter collectively referred to as
AML and CTF Policy ) represents the basic AML and
CTF standards governing the conduct of HSA Group -
Yemen Region as follows:
Ensure that the Group adheres to relevant AML and
CTF laws and regulations; and
Establish best practices to be followed by Group
employees, representatives, and business partners
in order not to engage in any activity which may
VERSION 02 2024
Page 3 of 8

--- Page (4) Start ---

An ti-Money Laundering and Countering Terrorism Financing
Legal and compliance
HSA Group - Yemen Region
expose the Group to liability for breach of
applicable laws or otherwise create risk to and hold .
the Group accountable.
2. Scope
This policy applies to all Group employees, persons
acting on behalf of or for the benefit of the Group or any
Group company (agents and representatives) and
business partners.
3. Definitions and Clarifications
Money Laundering: Any process or action that conceals :
the origin or derivation of the proceeds of crime so that
the proceeds appear to be derived from a legitimate
source.
Terrorism Financing: The act of providing financial :
support to acts of terror, terrorists, or terrorist
organizations to enable them to carry out terrorist acts.
Customers: Any party that has contracted to purchase :
our goods or services, to obtain credit or that opens an
account on our systems.
Representative: Any party chosen or appointed by the
Group or any Group company to act or speak on its
behalf.
Business Partner: An individual or company who has :
some degree of involvement with HSA Group - Yemen
Region s business dealings, whether as supplier, service
provider, customer, contractor, distributor, consultants,
employee, shareholder or otherwise.
HSA Activity means any activity which is financed,
administered or supported by HSA, or proposed to be
financed, administered or supported by HSA,
specifically including, but not limited to, any projects
financed by HSA as well as procurement, including
internal procurement. .
4. Principles and Rules
This policy is prepared in accordance with the following: :
The Yemeni anti-money laundering and anti-
terrorism financing law and its executive regulation.
VERSION 02 2024
Page 4 of 8

--- Page (5) Start ---

An ti-Money Laundering and Countering Terrorism Financing
Legal and compliance
HSA Group - Yemen Region
Instructions of the supervisory authorities in Yemen
regarding anti-money laundering and anti-
terrorism financing such as the Central Bank of
Yemen.
The relevant AML and CTF laws and regulations in
the jurisdictions in which we operate.
The Financial Action Task Force (FATF) (FATF)
recommendations for the purpose of understanding
and implementing best practices given that Yemen
is an active member of the Middle East and North
Africa Financial Action Task Force (MENAFATF).
.(MENAFATF)
The group is committed to operating in an ethical,
transparent, and legal manner. It places these
principles at the forefront of its business practices and
ensures that its dealings are conducted with reputable
entities. In principle:
The Group is committed to complying with
applicable AML and CTF laws and regulations in the
conduct of all its business transactions and in all
jurisdictions in which we operate.
. ﺎﻬﺑ ﻞﻤﻌﺗ
The Group conducts business only with customers
involved in legitimate business activities, with funds
derived from legitimate sources.
The Group understands the importance of following " "
Know Your Customers procedures associated with
prospective customers, agents, and business
partners, when needed, as a pre-requisite
procedure to ensure that they are involved in
legitimate business activities and that their funds
come from legitimate sources.
The Group assesses controls in place to detect,
investigate and report suspicious activities.
The Group recognizes AML and CTF risks
introduced by third parties and business partner
relationships and has controls in place to mitigate
those risks>
VERSION 02 2024
Page 5 of 8

--- Page (6) Start ---

An ti-Money Laundering and Countering Terrorism Financing
Legal and compliance
HSA Group - Yemen Region
The Group is always alert to signs associated with
potential money laundering or other illegal
activities and takes immediate corrective actions.
The Group must always be mindful of and, where
appropriate based on perceived level of risk, screen
our business partners and other third parties who
have significant commercial or other dealings with
the Group or any operating company against all
organizations and individuals designated as
sanctioned entities or persons on the UN Sanctions
lists. We must also be mindful of the local terrorist .
lists in the jurisdictions in which we operate.
5. Examples of red flags associated with
potential money laundering or other
illegal activities:
Offers to pay in cash or offers overpayments
followed by requests for refunds.
Orders, purchases, or payments that are unusual or
inconsistent with a customer s trade or business.
Unusually complex deal structures.
Attempts by a customer to provide false
information while being registered on our systems.
Unusual fund transfers to or from countries/banks /
unrelated to the transaction/customer.
Requests to pay parties not related to the business .
transaction.
Transactions that may have been structured to
evade recording or reporting requirements.
For payments to suppliers, the Group:
Only deals with suppliers proven by long term
business relationships.
Only pays when being invoiced. .
Uses legitimate channels (e.g., banks) when ( )
transferring money to suppliers abroad.
Benefits from having affiliate companies outside of
Yemen and uses them to purchase goods on its
behalf if necessary.
VERSION 02 2024
Page 6 of 8

--- Page (7) Start ---

An ti-Money Laundering and Countering Terrorism Financing
Legal and compliance
HSA Group - Yemen Region
Has its own bank accounts outside of Yemen with
locally regulated banks or financial institutions to
facilitate the payment process to suppliers if
necessary.
6. Records Keeping
The Group has internal processes and controls to
ensure that records and accounts accurately and
fairly reflect all business transactions.
Effective processes and internal controls are
maintained all the time to fairly reflect transactions
or events, as well as to prevent or detect
inappropriate transactions.
The Group is committed to cooperate with all
requests for information from government and
regulatory agencies in case of any governmental
.ﻲﻣﻮﻜﺣ ﻖﻴﻘﺤﺗ
audit or investigation.
7. Training
Training and awareness on AML and CTF are
provided to both employees who work directly with
customers and to employees who work in other
areas that may be exposed to money laundering
and terrorism financing threats. Typically, training
covers the contents of this policy, clarification
related to different forms of money laundering and
reporting of suspicious transactions as well as filing
name matches reports or partial name matches
reports whenever we encounter persons or
organizations that are provided on the UN or local
terrorist lists in the jurisdictions in which we operate
in compliance with such local laws and regulations.
Refreshment awareness sessions take place .
whenever deemed necessary.
8. Violating This Policy
The Group will follow all reasonable and possible legal
actions against any act of corruption and willful breach
of the contents of this policy. When necessary, and in
line with internally established procedures, the Group
reserves the rights to disclose any information related to
parties involved in acts of corruption . .
VERSION 02 2024
Page 7 of 8

--- Page (8) Start ---

An ti-Money Laundering and Countering Terrorism Financing
Legal and compliance
HSA Group - Yemen Region
9. Reporting of misconduct
The proper reporting sequence must be followed, in
order to verify the seriousness of the report and the
ability to follow up on all reports.
Employees can contact the Investigations and
Compliance Audit department directly, through:
Using the web-based platform (EthicsPoint) which is an
independent website supported by Navex Global which
Navex Global
is accessible by the internal and external stakeholders
to report compliance violations :hsa-
hsa-Yemen.ethicspoint.com :
Yemen.ethicspoint.com
Or using a mobile phone using QR Codes available on
banners in each company Reception or HR Office or TV
Screens or any other place according to availability.
Or they can use one of the options given below : :
Direct Manager
Another manager
General Manager or Deputy General manager
Any member of the HR team
Any member of the Legal team
Any member of the Compliance team
The reporting site is used using any computer or mobile
phone connected to the Internet, or even scanning the
square code (QR code) with the phone's camera or
(QR code -
programs specialized in reading the code, for easy
access to the site, which will be spread on different sites
and on networks and internal locations.
Other channels such as reporting by using a dedicated
hotline or dedicated reporting applications or
combining reporting procedures with complaints may
be introduced in the future, and the guidelines and
notifications will be updated.
Anonymous reporting of alleged misconduct is
permitted, though anonymity may make it more difficult
to examine an allegation properly and thoroughly .
VERSION 02 2024
Page 8 of 8

