--- Page (1) Start ---

SpeakUp Policy
VERSION 02 - 2024 -
Legal and Compliance
HSA Group - Yemen Region -
www.hsayemen.com

--- Page (2) Start ---

S peakUp Policy
L egal and compliance
HSA Group - Yemen Region
Table of content
1. Introduction 3 .
2. Purpose 3 .
3. Scope and Applicability 5 .
4. Definitions 5 .
5. Roles and Responsibilities 6 .
6. Guidelines 7 .
6.1 Reporting of misconduct 7 -
6.2 Completion of reporting data 8 -
6.3 Matters classification methodology 9 -
6. Confidentiality and Protection of Employees 9 -
6. Whistleblower protection principle 9 -
6. Unconditional compliance 10 -
7. Sanctions / Remedial Actions 10 / .
8. Training 10 .
9. Breach of this Guidelines 10 .
10. Entry into Force and Implementation 11 .
11. References 11 .
12. Inquiry & Consultation 11 .
Annex 1: Risks Assessment Questionnaire 13 :
VERSION 02 2024
Page 2 of 13

--- Page (3) Start ---

S peakUp Policy
L egal and compliance
HSA Group - Yemen Region
1. Introduction .
In accordance with the established values of HSA Group
- Yemen Region and its subsidiaries referred to in this (" / ")
Policy as (the "Group/Region") from which it proceeds
when conducting its business and activities, the Group,
seek through this policy to promote its ethical values,
principles, team spirit, teamwork, and organizational
culture always, thereby enhancing its operations and
activities. .
However, from time to time some risks or mistakes may
arise due to unintentional or intentional misconduct, and
we believe it is our duty as Legal & compliance
represented by the investigations and compliance audit
department to take appropriate measures to identify
and try to address these situations by encouraging a
culture of openness and accountability within the Group,
and we believe that we can minimize or prevent such
cases from occurring.
We also expect all employees and affiliates of the Group
concerned with this policy to maintain high standards of
professional conduct and ethics in accordance with the
Code of Conduct followed by the Group, and to report
any violations of these basic principles and inherited
values.
If you are considering submitting a report, you should
read this policy first, to find out: :
The type of concerns that can be raised. .
How the reporting person will be protected from
abuse, harassment, or retaliation. .
Correct and approved channels for reporting and
their gradation.
2. Purpose .
The purpose of this policy is to ensure that the employees
and all persons concerned have the trust and confidence
to raise any concerns of real importance without fear of
officials or reprisals, on the understanding that any
concerns they may raise will be taken seriously and
investigated appropriately and confidentially.
To fulfil and exceed the expectations of stakeholders
and employees, the Group works to uphold the highest .
ethical and business standards.
Anyone with concerns about inappropriate conduct at
the Group can raise it in a secure & confidential
environment by contacting the investigations and audit
compliance function
By managing all reported complaints of misconduct, the
investigations and compliance audit department is an
independent regional department, responsible for
managing the Group's reporting process.
VERSION 02 2024
Page 3 of 13

--- Page (4) Start ---

S peakUp Policy
L egal and compliance
HSA Group - Yemen Region
Any employee may express their concerns with the
Investigations and compliance audit function , .
irrespective of position.
Employees of the Group are given the freedom to speak
out without fear and to act in accordance with the
highest ethical standards thanks to the Investigations
and compliance audit department. It offers protection
from retaliation and handles those who entrust it with
their concerns, with objectivity and respect.
Based on the Group shared principles, the Investigations
and compliance audit department works to foster an
ethical organizational culture. It is:
:ﻲﻟﺎﺘﻟﺎﻛ
It must be impartial in how it perceives people and
as confidential with whatever information given to it. .
Professional in its interactions with all parties .
involved.
It allows Local Functions (including / / )
Compliance/Investigation, and/or HR/ER, and/or Legal, / / /
and/or Quality and/or Health, Safety and Environment)
with the power and responsibility for handling low-risk
matters, evaluate the associated risk, and, if necessary,
escalate them to the regional investigations and
compliance audit department .
For the appropriate management level to take the
necessary action, the Investigations and compliance
audit department ensures adequate follow-up of
misconduct situations by either:
Initiate of an investigation by the regional department of
Investigations and Compliance Audits at Cairo for high-
risk matters. or
Initiate of an investigation by local functions of low-risk
matters. .
Accordingly, the main objective of this policy is to
advance the work of the Group in an open, transparent, :
and fair manner by:
Definition of dishonest conduct that harms the
Group and its business. .
Encourage the principles of disclosure, .
transparency, and expression of concerns.
Provide effective means of communication and
advice related to compliance violations and .
dishonest behavior.
Promote compliance with the Code of Professional
Conduct and Business Ethics, the values and
ethical principles of the Group and its internal .
regulations and policies.
Confirm the Group's keenness to comply with local
and international legislation, laws, and standards. .
VERSION 02 2024
Page 4 of 13

--- Page (5) Start ---

S peakUp Policy
L egal and compliance
HSA Group - Yemen Region
The regional investigations and compliance audit
department has the full authority to monitor the
effectiveness of the investigation process across .
the Group's affiliates companies.
3. Scope and Applicability .2
This policy applies to all employees working in the
Group , in all grades, permanent employees, the " "
disabled, volunteers, employees of contractors, service
contractors and agents, a party that performs work on
behalf of the Group .
Violations by Employees, as well as by Third Parties
Engaged by and Relating to the Group business are
managed by the Investigations and compliance audit
department . It should be noted that:
The Investigations and compliance audit department is
not intended to receive complaints from employees about .
conduct that is not unethical.
Disagreements over work performance or expectations,
interpersonal conflicts, or general workplace issues, for
instance, should be brought up with line management or a
Human Resources representative in accordance with HR
grievance or complaint procedures, as:
If your complaint relates to your treatment as an
employee, you must raise this under HR grievance or
complaint procedures first. .
In addition to other types of reports that do not fall under
this policy, such as: rumors, information in the public :
domain, articles in newspapers and on social networking
sites, disputes over administrative decisions, any
political affairs that do not fall under the types of
reports, allegations in which the whistleblower has a
personal interest, personal disputes, or disputes with
colleagues. .
If the customer or vendor has concerns about the
services provided to him or transactions with him, they
must be filed as a complaint to the relevant department
first.
When dealing with third-party complaints, the
Investigations and compliance audit department may
choose to pass off the follow-up to other functions, who
may be better equipped to handle issues involving alleged
inappropriate conduct by third parties.
4. Definitions .
Employee : Employee of HSA Group - Yemen Region and - :
its affiliates, as well as Employees of third parties engaged
VERSION 02 2024
Page 5 of 13

--- Page (6) Start ---

S peakUp Policy
L egal and compliance
HSA Group - Yemen Region
by HSA Group - Yemen Region. -
HSA Group:HSA Group - Yemen Region and its affiliates. - :
Compliance violations: Non-compliance of the Group, its :
companies or employees with instructions, laws and
regulations during the exercise of the Group's activities, or
non-compliance with internal policies and procedures,
systems, rules and decisions of the Group's senior
management, foremost of which are violations of the
Group's Code of Professional Conduct and Business . "
Ethics.
Misconduct :is conduct that is potentially illegal, violates :
the HSA Group - Yemen Region Code of Conduct or other
applicable company policies, or falls outside of what is
considered proper for a person, a profession, or an
industry, typically taken with the aim to purposely
circumvent rules, in order to obtain possible personal or
company benefit.
High Risk Matter (Significant): A complaint is classified as :( )
high risk when allegations, if true, pose a significant risk to - -
the Group from the perspective of: :
Reputation
Business
Finance
Legal
Quality
Health, Safety & Environment
Low Risk Matter (ordinary): A complaint is classified as a :( )
low risk when the allegations, if true, pose a lower risk to -
the Group based on the same perspectives mentioned -
above in the definition of the high-risk matter .
This type of complaint is investigated by the competent
department in accordance with the classification table of
communications and the responsible functions at the local
level.
Compliance Sub-Committee ( committee ): is an :(" ")
independent, mostly cross-functional, committee that
makes recommendations about what sanctions or
remediation should be taken in response to substantiated
allegations. Its role includes driving consistency of
outcomes for similar types of misconduct.
The Investigations and compliance audit department - is :
an independent regional function that owns the Speak Up
process at HSA Group - Yemen Region by overseeing all
reported allegations of misconduct.
VERSION 02 2024
Page 6 of 13

--- Page (7) Start ---

S peakUp Policy
L egal and compliance
HSA Group - Yemen Region
5. Roles and Responsibilities .
All employees are required to raise potential misconduct.
concerns including, but not limited to: :
Assets misappropriation
Retaliation
Sabotage
Forgery
Discrimination, harassment, or bullying.
Books and records
Health, safety, and environmental protection
Gifts, bribery, and kickbacks
IT security
Conflict of interest
Confidentiality/privacy of data and trade secret
information
Violation of laws
Anti-trust and competition protection
Other violations
According to the type of violation reported as listed
above, the complaint is directed to the relevant
department to start the facts finding process and then
start the investigation, if necessary. For more information
on the classification of the cases and the department
responsible for conducting the investigation, please refer
to the Investigations Policy "Annex 5 Speakup case "
categories and investigation functions located on the .
intranet of the Compliance Function .
The regional investigations and compliance audit
department is the owner for this policy, any questions you
have should be directed to the department
representative.
6. Guidelines
The greatest way to promote a culture of trust and identify
incidents of misconduct that may threaten the reputation
and success the Group is by speaking up.
6.1 Reporting of misconduct -
The proper reporting sequence must be followed, in order
to verify the seriousness of the report and the ability to .
follow up on all reports.
Employees can contact the Investigations and
Compliance Audit department directly, through: :
Using the web-based platform (EthicsPoint) which is an ( )
independent website supported by Navex Global which is Navex Global
accessible by the internal and external stakeholders to
report compliance violations:
hsa-Yemen.ethicspoint.com hsa-Yemen.ethicspoint.com
VERSION 02 2024
Page 7 of 13

--- Page (8) Start ---

S peakUp Policy
L egal and compliance
HSA Group - Yemen Region
Or using a mobile phone using QR Codes available on
banners In each company Reception or HR Office or TV
Screens or any other place according to availability.
Or they can use one of the options given below .
respectively: :
Direct Manager
Another manager
General Manager or Deputy General manager
Any member of the HR team
Any member of the Legal team
Any member of the Compliance team
The reporting site is used using any computer or mobile
phone connected to the Internet, or even scanning the )
(QR code -
square code (QR code) with the phone's camera or
programs specialized in reading the code, for easy access
to the site, which will be spread on different sites and on
networks and internal locations.
Other channels such as reporting by using a dedicated
hotline or dedicated reporting applications or combining
reporting procedures with complaints may be introduced
in the future, and the guidelines and notifications will be
updated.
Anonymous reporting of alleged misconduct is permitted,
though anonymity may make it more difficult to examine
an allegation properly and thoroughly.
6.2 Completion of reporting data
The details required to complete and accept a report :
are:
What dishonest behavior do you want to report? Is it a
possible act (doubts or fears) or has it already been ( )
done (fact and there is evidence attached)? ( )
Where exactly does this act take place / )
(management/branch, company, sector, region)? (
The name of the person who committed the violation,
misconduct or dishonest behavior and witnesses, if any. .
Attachments supporting the "if necessary" reporting, " "
for some reports that have required evidence. .
Each case's investigation is assigned using a risk-based
methodology. The Regional Investigations and
compliance audit department typically handles high-
risk misconduct allegations (Significant Matters) with
VERSION 02 2024
Page 8 of 13

--- Page (9) Start ---

S peakUp Policy
L egal and compliance
HSA Group - Yemen Region
the assistance of other investigative functions / / /
(Compliance/Investigation, and/or HR/ER, and/or (
Legal, and/or Quality and/or Health, Safety and .
Environment), whose role it is to gather the facts.
Lower-risk allegations (Ordinary Matters) on the other
hand, are handled locally by the local function that is . ( )
most relevant to the issue.
The regional investigations and compliance audit
department for high-risk matters, or, in the case of low- )
risk matters, Compliance/Investigation, and/or HR/ER, / / /
and/or Legal, and/or Quality and/or Health, Safety
and Environment, shall assess and resolve complaints
in accordance with the investigations and compliance
audit department guidance.
6.3 Matters classification methodology -
The Investigations and compliance audit department or
the local function will respond to every question in the Risk
Assessment Questionnaire for each potential acts of .
misconduct incident.
If the answers to all the questions are "no , the case will be " "
deemed a low-risk matter and allocated to the relevant
Local Function.
The case will be taken into consideration as a potential " "
high-risk matter if at least one question is answered with
yes .
Every potential high-risk matter that the investigations
and compliance audit department receive from the local
functions will have its level of risk assessed once more, and
if the investigations and compliance audit department
determine that the risk is lower than the initial assessment,
the item may be returned to the local function.
6.4 Confidentiality and Protection of -
Employees
All reports will be treated confidentially, and every effort
will be made to remain anonymous if this is your wish, and
if you follow the correct procedures and the logical
hierarchy mentioned earlier to report wrongdoing.
If disciplinary or other investigative action is required, it
may not be possible to continue to conceal your identity,
so you may be asked to stand as a witness, if you agree,
you will be provided with full advice and support. .
Each incident will be handled confidentially and in
accordance with the guiding principles of the Group on
the Protection of Personal Information by the .
Investigations and compliance audit department and
related investigative obligations.
Only those Employees who need to know about such
VERSION 02 2024
Page 9 of 13

--- Page (10) Start ---

S peakUp Policy
L egal and compliance
HSA Group - Yemen Region
complaints will be informed of them to investigate and
resolve any allegations of misconduct properly and .
completely.
Each complaint is treated carefully. Retaliation won't be .
taken against any Employee who brings up a potential
misconduct issue, helps or offers information during an
investigation, or otherwise works in good faith in the best
interests of the Group.
The necessary measures will be taken to reasonably
maintain the reporter's and other Employees'
confidentiality (including that of the investigation's
subject, witnesses, etc.). This cannot always be
guaranteed, though, for instance when an investigation
finds findings that the Group decides should be shared to .
a relevant body, like a government agency.
6.5 Whistleblower protection principle -
The principles of fairness, transparency and honesty in the
Group require ensuring the protection of the reporting
employee, to ensure that employees are encouraged to
take the initiative to detect and report violations with
adequate protection.
If you maliciously make an allegation for personal gain,
appropriate action may be taken, which may include
disciplinary action.
6.6 Unconditional compliance -
The Group will follow all possible and reasonable legal
steps to prosecute corruption and any willful breach of
applicable laws and regulations, as well as any breach of
policies, procedures, rules, and rules within the scope of
compliance regardless of:
the size or form of such breaches or violations.
the SoI s position.
7. Sanctions / Remedial Actions / .
The cross-functional compliance sub-committee will (" ")
recommend any disciplinary action against the subject of
the investigation or remediation after a substantiated .
matter. If necessary, the compliance sub-committee may
also recommend ways to enhance procedures, training,
and policies.
The compliance sub-committee, which is made up of the
relevant members and may also include representatives /
from HR/ER, compliance, Legal, and other subject matter
functions, will make any decisions regarding disciplinary
action to be applied to the subject of an investigation or
corrective measures following a matter. For more
information about the compliance sub-committee
process, please refer to section 3.3 in the investigation
policy.
The Investigations and compliance audit department has
the full authority to monitor the effectiveness of the .
committee process.
VERSION 02 2024
Page 10 of 13

--- Page (11) Start ---

S peakUp Policy
L egal and compliance
HSA Group - Yemen Region
8. Training .
All employees should familiarize themselves with this
guideline and participate in the awareness sessions held .
periodically, and representatives of the compliance
department in the regional office can be consulted at any .
time when any information regarding this policy is not
clear.
According to the reporting options described in 6.1 above,
employees have the option of reporting any potential -
misconduct. The HSA Group - Yemen Region intranet site -
has a link to the web-based reporting tool. .
The compliance department provides companies with the
investigations and compliance audit department
awareness materials, which are then used for awareness .
campaigns by local relevant functions as considered
needed.
On the compliance department intranet, guidelines
regarding the Speak Up process are available. .
9. Breach of this Guideline .
False allegations not made in good faith, e.g., with
malicious intent to harm another Employee, will be
considered misconduct and will not be tolerated. .
Intolerance towards corruption, and categorically prohibit :
all persons who deal directly or indirectly, whether " "
personally or through intermediary in the name of the
Group and its companies or in its interests, to participate
in any corruption regardless of any prevailing custom or .
culture.
10. Entry into Force and Implementation .
This policy enters into force as of the 1st day of the
subsequent month after the last signature date and has
been approved by the Managing Director and the Chief
Legal & Compliance Officer.
11. References
Investigations Policy.
Matter categories and investigation responsible .
functions.
Grievance guidance
The above documents are available on Group intranet
accessible to all employees. .
12. Inquiry & Consultation .
We at Hayel Saeed Anam Group encourage positive -
communication between our members and clarify more
about how to behave properly, and the line manager can
be one of the people concerned with clarifying any
possible misconduct and whether it requires escalation to .
VERSION 02 2024
Page 11 of 13

--- Page (12) Start ---

S peakUp Policy
L egal and compliance
HSA Group - Yemen Region
the point of reporting.
Any current or potential employee, vendor/service /
provider or third party may report any breach, misconduct " "
or unprofessional/unethical act constituting a /
constituency, compliance violation or questionable act by
a Group employee or with the Standards in connection
with a potential procurement contract or existing /
agreement/contract by: :
Send an email to the following address: :
Compliance@HSA.com.ye Compliance@HSA.com.ye
Whistleblowing@HSA.com.ye Whistleblowing@HSA.com.ye
Report using the link to report compliance violations on

Ethics Point website (independent website supported
) Ethics Point
by Navex Global).hsa-Yemen.ethicspoint.com
hsa-Yemen.ethicspoint.com.(Navex Global
VERSION 02 2024
Page 12 of 13

--- Page (13) Start ---

S peakUp Policy
L egal and compliance
HSA Group - Yemen Region
Annex 1: Risks Assessment Questionnaire :
Risk assessment - is the allegation:
1. Against a senior manager (GM or GM direct report,
senior management)?
Yes No
2. About sexual harassment and/or discrimination?
Yes No
3. About retaliation following raising a potential
misconduct?
Yes No
4. Improperly influencing Public Officials i.e significant
breach of Compliance policies, local laws?
Yes No
5. Potential significant external exposure/ reputational
risk (e.g. media coverage, etc.)?
Yes No
6. Potentially a significant financial impact?
Yes No
7. Potential negative impact on customer/products as
result of alleged unethical business behavior?
Yes No
8. A complex allegation involving several employees?
Yes No
9. Requiring access to the Group issued IT devices/data?
Yes No
10. Relating to antitrust/fair competition?
Yes No
11. Relating to company confidential/trade secrets
information?
Yes No
12. Potentially triggering a reaction by/involvement of an
Authority?
Yes No
13. Does the allegation relate to a quality/data
integrity/regulatory issue?
Yes No
14. Any other consideration that would make the case a
higher risk?
Yes No
Note: The complaint must be escalated to/treated as a
potential High-Risk Matter by the Investigations and
compliance audit department if at least one question is
answered "Yes". The risk assessment will be finalized and
approved by the Investigations and compliance audit
department, after which the matter will proceed according to
established procedures. .
VERSION 02 2024
Page 13 of 13

