--- Page (1) Start ---

Business Partners
Compliance Risk
Management Policy
VERSION 01 - 2024 -
Legal and Compliance
HSA Group - Yemen Region -
www.hsayemen.com

--- Page (2) Start ---

Business Partners Compliance Risk Management Policy
Legal and compliance
HSA Group - Yemen Region -
Table of contents
1. Introduction 3
2. Purpose 3
3. Definitions and Clarifications 4
4. Scope of Application 7
5. Risk Based Approach 7
6. Standard Due Diligence (SDD) 8
6.1 Overview 8
6.2 General Review 8
6.3 Legal and corporate structure,
jurisdictions
6.4 Regulations and controls 10
7. Risk classifications 11
8. Enhanced Due Diligence (EDD),
assessing and mitigating risks
9. Informing decision-making bodies 13 .
10. Applying of the Policy 13 .
11. Forms and Templates Used 14 .
VERSION 01 2024
Page 2 of 14

--- Page (3) Start ---

Business Partners Compliance Risk Management Policy
Legal and compliance
HSA Group - Yemen Region -
1. Introduction .
Hayel Saeed Anaam Group - Yemen Region (HSA ( ) -
Group) strives to put policies in place that encourage
accountability, transparency, and integrity in
accordance with the highest ethical standards
throughout all its business operations. Standard Due
Diligence (SDD) is one such tool. HSA Group works to
identify, reduce, and monitor potential integrity and
other compliance risks through SDD/business /
partners reviews that result from its interactions with
third parties that are contractual business partners
and whose backgrounds or actions may harm HSA .
Group's reputation.
Business partner reviews are essential for HSA Group
- Yemen Region to support successful governance -
and business practices, as well as responsible
management of interacting with HSA Group. SDD or
business partners reviews often referred to as "Know
Your Customer" (KYC) in the finance industry, "Know
Your Business" (KYB) in corporate, and "Business
Partners Application" (BPAF) in our Group are
essential to making sure that HSA Group works with
reputable partners to ensure that its purchases and
sales and other activities make the expected results .
and impacts, that its resources are used efficiently,
and that its development and objectives are met.
2. Purpose .
The objective of this Business Partners Compliance
Risk Management Policy (the Policy ) is to strengthen (" ")
aspects of HSA Group compliance risk management
by outlining the main principles to be applied in HSA
Group s business partners reviews processes in
accordance with international best practices.
Identification of integrity risks along with financial,
legal, (corporate) governance, environmental and
social, and other due diligence related to compliance
is an essential component of HSA Group s Business
Partners Risk Management. The Policy supports
informed decision-making and helps HSA Group
avoid unnecessary integrity and other compliance
risks.
Business Partners Compliance Risk Management
reviews conducted in accordance with the Policy
should not be considered a guarantee of elimination
of or a safeguard against integrity and other
compliance risks. Nevertheless, when consistently
applied, the Policy will raise awareness of potential
integrity and compliance risks among, including but
VERSION 01 2024
Page 3 of 14

--- Page (4) Start ---

Business Partners Compliance Risk Management Policy
Legal and compliance
HSA Group - Yemen Region -
not limited to, HSA Group staff members and HSA
Group s business partners, and help them to identify .
and address integrity and other compliance risks.
The Policy outlines the basic components that a
Business Partners Compliance Risk Management
review should include More detailed rules and .
guidelines are to be provided in the Standard Due
Diligence Guidelines, which is HSA Group s internal
document for the purpose of operationalizing this
Policy.
3. Definitions and Clarifications .
For the purpose of this Policy, the following terms and
abbreviations shall have the meaning set out below: :
HSA Group's Activity means any activity which is " "
financed, administered or supported by HSA Group,
or proposed to be financed, administered or
supported by HSA Group, specifically including, but
not limited to, any projects financed by HSA Group as
well as procurement, including internal procurement.
Counterparty means any natural person or legal " "
entity (when there is no natural person) with whom ( )
HSA Group engages contractually and, in particular
with regard to HSA Group s operations, , or transfers
to/from HSA Group in any form. Depending on the
type of HSA Group's Activity, Counterparty may be
seen to also cover an entity that otherwise executes,
implements, contributes, or substantially participates
in an HSA Group's Activity.
Business Partner: An individual or company who has " "
some degree of involvement with HSA Group s
business dealings, whether as supplier, service
provider, customer, contractor, distributor,
consultants, employee, shareholder or otherwise.
Senior Management means the chief executive " "
officer, president or secretary general, chief financial
officer, treasurer, chief operating officer, chief risk
officer, general counsel and chief information officer,
or any equivalent according to the relevant entity s
organizational structure.
AML means Anti-Money Laundering.
. "AML"
Money Laundering means: : "
a) the conversion or transfer of property, knowing (
that such property is derived from criminal activity,
to conceal and disguise the illicit origin of the
VERSION 01 2024
Page 4 of 14

--- Page (5) Start ---

Business Partners Compliance Risk Management Policy
Legal and compliance
HSA Group - Yemen Region -
property, or assisting any person who is involved in
the commission of such activity to evade the legal .
consequences of this action.
b) the concealment or disguise of the true nature, (
source, location, disposition, movement, rights with
respect to, or ownership of property, knowing such
property is derived from criminal activity.
c) the acquisition, possession or use of property (
knowing, at the time of receipt, that such property
was derived from criminal activity; or
d) participation or assistance in any of the activities . (
above.
CFT means Countering Financing of Terrorism. . "CFT"
Financing of Terrorism means the provision or " "
collection of funds, by any means, directly or
indirectly, with the intention that they should be used
or in the knowledge that they are to be used, in full or
in part, in order to carry out terrorist activities.
Modern Slavery means slavery, servitude, forced or " "
compulsory labor, human trafficking, and hazardous .
child labor.
Beneficial Owner means any natural person or " "
legal entity controlling or owning, directly or
indirectly, ten percent (10%) or more in a
Counterparty/ Business Partner, and/or such natural
person(s) on whose behalf a transaction is being
conducted and those persons who exercise ultimate
effective control over a legal person or arrangement
connected to an HSA Group's Activity.
Cross-border Link exists when i) a Counterparty/ / ( :" "
business partner, ii) a Beneficial Owner, or iii) any ( (
other party which is of relevance for the HSA Group's
Activity is incorporated in another jurisdiction than
where the HSA Group's Activity will take place.
Compliance Risk means risk of integrity and other :" "
reputational risks due to non-compliance by a
business partner with any applicable laws and
regulations, policies, rules and international
standards.
High Compliance Risk means whenever a risk " "
indicator presents Compliance Risk that falls outside
HSA Group s risk tolerance. Indicators presenting .
High Compliance Risk are considered deal-
breakers .
VERSION 01 2024
Page 5 of 14

--- Page (6) Start ---

Business Partners Compliance Risk Management Policy
Legal and compliance
HSA Group - Yemen Region -
Medium Compliance Risk means whenever a risk " "
indicator presents some degree of Compliance Risk.
Indicators presenting Medium Compliance Risk could
remain within or outside HSA Group s risk tolerance
subject to the outcome of Enhanced Due Diligence
( EDD ).
Low Compliance Risk means whenever there are no " "
risk indicators identified, or when the identified risk
indicators do not pose any or low compliance and
integrity risk for HSA Group.
.ﺔﻋﻮﻤﺠﻤﻠﻟ
Integrity risks include risks related to corruption, " "
fraud, money laundering, terrorist financing, tax
avoidance or evasion, lack of transparency and .
undue political influence. Integrity risk is a
subcategory of compliance risk.
FATF means the Financial Action Task Force, an "FATF"
inter-governmental body established to set standards
and promote effective implementation of legal,
regulatory and operational measures for combating
money laundering, terrorist financing, and related
threats.
MENA FATF means the Financial Action Task Force "MENA FATF"
for MSDDle East & North Africa. .
Global Forum means the Global Forum on " "
Transparency and Exchange of Information for Tax
Purposes which is a multilateral framework for work
on transparency and exchange of information for tax
purposes and a key international body working on the
implementation of the international standards on tax
transparency.7
SDD means Standard Due Diligence and also known "SDD"
in financial Institutions as "Know your customer." ." "
EDD means enhanced due diligence. . "EDD"
Politically Exposed Persons (PEPs) means any " "
natural person who is or has been entrusted with a
prominent public function and any immediate family
members, or persons known to be close associates
with such person. The definition includes but is not
limited to senior officials of central and local
government, members of parliament, senior
executives of state-owned enterprises and
international organizations, judicial or military .
officials and high-ranking political party officials.
VERSION 01 2024
Page 6 of 14

--- Page (7) Start ---

Business Partners Compliance Risk Management Policy
Legal and compliance
HSA Group - Yemen Region -
Prohibited Practices means corrupt, fraudulent, " "
collusive, coercive and obstructive practices as
defined in HSA Group s compliance Policies including
anti bribery and Anticorruption and sanction policy.
Sanctions List means any and all sanctions lists " "
maintained by appropriate international bodies, such
as the United Nations or relevant international
financial institutions (IFIs), which HSA Group may from
time to time deem relevant and appropriate for an
HSA Group Activity.
Tax-prohibited Jurisdiction means a jurisdiction " "
that a) the Global Forum has identified as (i) having ( ) (
failed the Phase 1 Global Forum peer review, or (ii)
having received a non-compliant rating in the Phase 2
Global Forum peer review or b) the Council of the
European Union has included in its EU list of non-
cooperative jurisdictions for tax purposes .
AML/CFT Prohibited Jurisdiction means a "
jurisdiction which in relation to money laundering and "
terrorist financing has been categorized by FATF as
high-risk due to strategic deficiencies and where
high-level commitment to develop AML/CFT
measures is lacking.
4. Scope of Application .
This policy applies for all HSA Group's companies,
employees and Business Partners, including
customers, suppliers, services providers, contractors,
and shareholders and according to applicable
approach.
5. Risk Based Approach .
HSA Group works with a wide variety of partners,
including but not limited to private sector entities,
international organizations, and governments
(ministries and agencies), and employs various co-
financing modalities. As a result, a one-size-fits-all
approach to business partners at HSA Group is not
practicable. Instead, business partners reviews shall
be in proportion to the level of risk identified or /
assumed in respect of a business partner and/or HSA
Activity, and their scope may be broadened or /
reduced based on factors such as type of
financing/transaction, type of business partner and .
its jurisdiction of incorporation, and country of
implementation of the HSA Group's Activity,
considering HSA s purpose and the geographical
scope of its activities.
VERSION 01 2024
Page 7 of 14

--- Page (8) Start ---

Business Partners Compliance Risk Management Policy
Legal and compliance
HSA Group - Yemen Region -
HSA Group shall provide further instructions on
business partners reviews targeting different types of
HSA Activities and business partners, as appropriate,
in the Standard Due Diligence Guidelines.
6. Standard Due Diligence (SDD)
6.1 Overview -
business partners reviews shall be conducted in
respect of each HSA Activity in accordance with the
risk-based approach and the provisions in this Section
, as well as with any other relevant SDD/ business /
partners review guidelines and procedures .
established by HSA Group.
The basic components of a business partners review
are presented in this Section 6. Based on the findings, .
the HSA Activity shall be assigned a Compliance Risk ( )
(Section 5), and an Enhanced Due Diligence (EDD)
review may be required (Section 6).
6.2 General Review -
A general review shall be conducted for each HSA
Activity in accordance with recognized SDD-
principles, comprising the following areas:
i. Identifying the Counterparty, third party/
business partner and Beneficial Owners, business
rationale
The Counterparty, third party/ business partner and /
the Beneficial Owner(s) shall be identified, and the ( ) ( )
identity verified through reliable and independent
sources. In addition, reasonable measures shall be
taken to assess the purpose and economic rationale
of the Counterparty, third party/ business partner to
establish that HSA Group is engaging in a legitimate
and appropriate contractual relationship with a bona
fide business partner.
ii. Legal and corporate structure, jurisdictions .
The legal and corporate structure of, as well as
jurisdictions used by, a business partner shall be
assessed to establish if they have a legitimate
purpose or use.
iii. Sanctions screening .
Sanctions Lists imposing sanctions against
individuals and entities involved in amongst other
things fraud, corruption, terrorism, human rights
violations, money laundering, terrorist financing, tax
evasion, crimes against world peace, political and
VERSION 01 2024
Page 8 of 14

--- Page (9) Start ---

Business Partners Compliance Risk Management Policy
Legal and compliance
HSA Group - Yemen Region -
economic stability shall be reviewed to identify if a
business partner, Beneficial Owner, or any member of
the board of directors or Senior Management of the
business partner is included on a Sanctions List.
iv. Criminal activities, litigation, investigations
HSA Group expects that its business partners apply
national and international laws and regulations when
conducting their activities. Consequently, all .
reasonable measures shall be taken to identify any
criminal charges or convictions as well as ongoing
investigations for serious wrongdoings, including but
not limited to Prohibited Practices, offences related
to labor laws, environmental laws, taxation or social
security contributions, professional misconduct,
human rights violations or conduct related to a
criminal organization by the business partner, a
Beneficial Owner, or any member of the board of
directors or Senior Management of the business
partner or a Beneficial Owner.
v. Politically Exposed Persons (PEPs)
All reasonable measures shall be taken to identify any
Politically Exposed Persons linked to the business
partner or the relevant HSA Group's Activity. .
vi. Modern Slavery
All reasonable measures shall be taken to identify the
presence of factors which may include Modern
Slavery in an HSA Group Activity by assessing, among
other things, country and sector context, workforce
demographics and the characteristics of risk
management processes of a business partner.
6.3 Legal and corporate structure, -
jurisdictions
As part of the assessment of the legal and corporate
structure of, as well as jurisdictions used by, HSA
Group s business partner, the following areas in
particular shall be reviewed:
i.Cross-border Links
Taxpayers may sometimes take advantage of
disparities between national tax systems in order to
reduce their tax base. As a result, cross-border
corporate structures can be used for money
laundering, tax evasion, tax fraud, aggressive tax
planning or other harmful practices. Reasonable
VERSION 01 2024
Page 9 of 14

--- Page (10) Start ---

Business Partners Compliance Risk Management Policy
Legal and compliance
HSA Group - Yemen Region -
efforts shall be used to identify Cross-border Links
and, where such exist, whether (a) there is a justifiable ( )
business rationale for such Cross-border Links, (b)
there are indications of profit-shifting using such
Cross-border Links, or (c) the Cross-border corporate
structure includes entities in jurisdictions, which have
been identified by specialized international agencies,
such as FATF and Global Forum, as presenting a
heightened risk in relation to tax or AML/CFT. .
ii. Complex legal and corporate structures .
Different legal and corporate structures may be used
for a range of legal, business, tax and governance
reasons. tax avoidance or evasion, money laundering,
or concealment of beneficial ownership. Reasonable
efforts shall be made to assess whether the legal and
corporate structures used in connection with an HSA
Group's Activity have a legitimate and justifiable
business rationale.
6.4 Regulations and controls -
Depending on the type and nature of the HSA Group's
Activity, relevant regulatory aspects shall be
assessed as well as the internal policies and controls
of the business partner.
i.AML/CFT
If the business partner is a Financial Institution, it shall ( )
be assessed whether (a) the business partner is a
regulated Financial Institution as well as its
jurisdiction of incorporation, (b) the business partner s
regulatory and/or compliance history including any
incidents of weak controls or poor implementation of
AML/CFT systems, and (c) the business partner s ( )
response to questions related to AML/CFT. .
Recommendations from FATF shall be taken into .
consideration in the assessment.
ii. Compliance Policies and safeguards .
Depending on the type and nature of the HSA Group's
Activity, the business partner s safeguards, policies
and procedures in other areas of fiduciary standards,
ethics, integrity and accountability, and their
compatibility with relevant HSA Group's policies, may
be reviewed and assessed as part of the business
partners reviews.
VERSION 01 2024
Page 10 of 14

--- Page (11) Start ---

Business Partners Compliance Risk Management Policy
Legal and compliance
HSA Group - Yemen Region -
7. Risk classifications .
Following the review described in Article 6, the initial
and final Compliance Risk will be rated as High,
Medium or Low. Ultimately, the assessment of the
Compliance Risk is a careful judgement call based on
adequate research, the type of risk identified,
possible mitigation measures, the context and other .
circumstances. The initial rating will determine the
steps to be taken as set out below. .
i. High Compliance Risk .
Unless there are special reasons, HSA Group shall not
proceed with project preparatory activities if there is
an initial High Compliance Risk classification, as this
risk category falls outside HSA Group s risk tolerance.
Moving forward in the project preparations following
an initial High Compliance Risk rating always requires
weighty reasons and conducting of an extensive
Enhanced Due Diligence (EDD). If the final risk rating
is determined as High after EDD, HSA Group shall not
move forward with the proposed HSA Group's .
Activity.
Examples of risk indicators presenting a High
Compliance Risk include the following:
:ﻲﻠﻳ ﺎﻣ
A. Unidentifiable Beneficial Owners.
B. Beneficial Owners with significant unexplained
wealth.
C. The business partner or a Beneficial Owner is . .
included on a Sanctions List.
D. The business partner has repeatedly been subject .
to criminal investigations, charges or convictions
for serious wrongdoings.
E. The business partner has a Cross-border Link to a
Tax-prohibited Jurisdiction; or
F. The business partner is a Financial Institution .
incorporated in an AML/CFT Prohibited
Jurisdiction
II. Medium Compliance Risk .
If the business partners review reveals Medium
Compliance Risk, an EDD shall be conducted as set
out in Section 6 below. A number of circumstances .
and risk indicators may result in a Medium
Compliance Risk rating, including the non-exhaustive
list of risk indicators below:
A. Past or ongoing investigations into serious . .
wrongdoings.
B. The presence of Politically Exposed Persons.
C. Unduly complex ownership structures. . .
VERSION 01 2024
Page 11 of 14

--- Page (12) Start ---

Business Partners Compliance Risk Management Policy
Legal and compliance
HSA Group - Yemen Region -
D. A member of the board of directors or Senior .
Management is included on a Sanctions List; or
E. AML/CFT risks relating to, e.g., jurisdictional risks
or weak internal controls or regulations.
In some instances, and based on the results of the
EDD, mitigating measures could be recommended or
required to maintain the risk within HSA Group s risk
tolerance.
iii. Low Compliance Risk .
If no risk indicators are identified or risk indicators
only pose a low risk to HSA Group, no further action or
measures are required, apart from regular monitoring
in accordance with relevant policies and guidelines.
8. Enhanced Due Diligence (EDD), .
assessing and mitigating risks
If the initial business partners review in accordance
with Section 7indicates a Medium Compliance Risk,
an EDD review shall be carried out. The same applies
if there would be weighty reasons for continuing with
the internal project preparation process, despite an
indication of High Compliance Risk in the initial
business partners review. The scope of EDD shall be
determined on a case-by-case basis and consist of
gathering additional information regarding the ( )
identified risk indicators and additional information
regarding the relevant risk indicator(s) shall be
collected, e.g., by requesting information directly /
from the business partner, from independent sources
and/or through an external service provider with
relevant expertise, or by reviewing the business
partner s anti-corruption or KYC-related policies.
After the EDD is completed, the Compliance Risk shall
be reassessed, and a final risk rating shall be .
established. The final Compliance Risk Rating may be .
Low, Medium or High.
If the final risk rating is Low, no further action is
required. If the final risk rating is determined as High .
after EDD, HSA Group shall not move forward with the
proposed HSA Group's Activity.
The existence of risk indicators indicating Medium
Compliance Risk after EDD does not in itself prevent
HSA Group from engaging with a business partner if
mitigating factors are identified and mitigating
measures recommended. Examples of mitigating
VERSION 01 2024
Page 12 of 14

--- Page (13) Start ---

Business Partners Compliance Risk Management Policy
Legal and compliance
HSA Group - Yemen Region -
factors include a business partner s existence of
appropriate policies and procedures, demonstrated .
ability to undertake reforms, passage of time and
sound management structures. However, the
business partner may be required to introduce
measures to avoid, minimize or manage Compliance
Risks for HSA Group to move forward with it. Such
mitigating actions or measures may include, among
other things:
A. Inclusion of relevant contractual obligations or .
representations and warranties in the agreement with .
the business partner.
B. Internal policies of the business partner revised or
put in place.
C. Additional reporting or audit requirements. . .
D. Additional AML/CFT controls to be put in place by .
the business partner; or
E. Removal of an individual(s) from any decision- ( ) .
making process related to the HSA Activity. .
9. Informing decision-making bodies .
A decision about whether to proceed with a proposed
HSA Activity will be based on a completed SDD or EDD
review. Relevant decision-making bodies shall be
informed of risk indicators detected, risk ratings
recommended, and mitigating measures
implemented in accordance with HSA Group s
Standard Due Diligence Guidelines and established
internal procedures. .
10. Applying of the Policy .
HSA Group - Yemen Region s Steering Committee
shall assess the appropriateness of the Policy and its
alignment with the prevailing HSA Group - Yemen
Region's strategy and other relevant circumstances.
The Policy shall be applied by the Managing Director :
through:
A. the approval of further guidelines and instructions, .
including the Guidelines on Standard Due Diligence,
which provide practical guidance with regard to the
process for conducting business partners reviews
contain elements to facilitate determining and
assessing the levels and types of risks.
b. ensuring that sufficient resources, including .
technical resources and training, are made available
as required under this Policy.
VERSION 01 2024
Page 13 of 14

--- Page (14) Start ---

Business Partners Compliance Risk Management Policy
Legal and compliance
HSA Group - Yemen Region -
The Legal and Compliance Sector shall provide more
detailed guidance on implementation of the Policy. .
HSA Group staff members and affiliates and business
partners shall comply with this Policy and any related
guidelines and instructions in their day-to-day work,
in accordance with their roles within the organization.
11. Forms and Templates Used
HSA Group s compliance Department shall use and
update the appropriate forms and templates that will
be used in applying of this Policy ea. Business partners
application forms, and other assessment forms either
on document form or online template or using a third .
party to do full or part of the process.
VERSION 01 2024
Page 14 of 14

