--- Page (1) Start ---

Anti-Bribery and Anti-
Corruption Policy
VERSION 02 - 2024
Legal and Compliance
HSA Group - Yemen Region -
www.hsayemen.com

--- Page (2) Start ---

An ti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy
Legal and compliance
HSA Group - Yemen Region
Table of contents
0B0B
1. Purpose 3
2. Scope 3
3. Definitions and Clarifications 3
4. Principles and Rules 6
4.1 Prohibitions on offering or giving of 6
Bribe
4.2 Prohibition of receiving Bribes 6
4.3 Gifts, Entertainment and Benefits 7
4.4 Facilitation Payments 9
4.5 Political Contributions, Charitable 9
Donations and Sponsorships
5. Roles and Responsibilities 9
6. Reporting of Misconduct 10
7. Annex 1: Gifts & Entertainment 11-12
Compliance Clearance Form
VERSION 02 2024 Page 2 of 13

--- Page (3) Start ---

An ti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy
Legal and compliance
HSA Group - Yemen Region
1. Purpose .
The laws of Yemen, international conventions on bribery
and the laws of foreign countries all define 'bribery'
broadly. Those definitions include conduct that may be
acceptable under many circumstances but when linked
with an attempt to improperly influence a business-
related decision would be unacceptable and may
constitute a crime. Any items of value such as cash, gifts
of material value, travel and hospitality, entertainment,
employment, loans or debt repayments, and charitable
contributions or political donations may be considered
bribes. Bribes can arise in relation to interactions with
external parties which may include public parties (public
bribery), as well as interactions with privately owned ( )
companies (commercial bribery). . ( )
Hayel Saeed Anam Group - Yemen Region (hereinafter
referred to as the Group or HSA Group or HSA ) is
committed to conducting business in a professional and
ethical manner, with integrity in all its business dealings. .
This Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy ( Policy )
illustrates HSA Group's commitment to ethical business
practices and provides guidelines for employees across
HSA Group to adhere to when conducting business
dealings either for or on behalf of HSA Group. .
2. Scope .
This Policy applies to all Group Personnel and all
Business Partners, and must be read, understood, and
applied in the broader context of responsibilities that
you have under HSA Group Code of Conduct. This Policy .
may also be applied and adapted to entities in which the
Group has an interest in. .
Where local customs, standards, laws (or international if
applicable), or other policies (either our policies or
related to our Business Partners) apply and are stricter
than the provisions of this Policy then the stricter rules (
must be complied with. However, if this Policy provides .
for stricter rules than the local customs, standards, laws,
or other policies then the stricter provisions of this Policy
shall apply.
3. Definitions and Clarifications .
Bribery: The offering, accepting (or promising to offer or
accept) directly or indirectly with the involvement of a
third party, anything of value, regardless of the amount
involved, with the intention of encouraging or facilitating
VERSION 02 2024 Page 3 of 13

--- Page (4) Start ---

An ti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy
Legal and compliance
HSA Group - Yemen Region
someone else (whether or not a Public Official and
regardless of whether that person is acting in an official
or private capacity) to act improperly or to refrain from
acting in order to obtain a benefit or advantage for a
third party, including but not limited to a party owned,
controlled or associated with any Group Personnel or
family members of Group Personnel.
Bribery can take many forms. These include but not :
limited to:
Gifts. .
Entertainment, meals, travel. .
Charitable contributions. .
Cash and cash equivalents (gift cards). .( )
Benefits for family members or friends.
Business, employment, internship or investment
opportunities.
In-kind contributions and services.
Payment of medical expenses. .
Other benefits or advantages. .
Business Partner: An individual or company who has
some degree of involvement with HSA Group s business
dealings, whether as supplier, service provider,
customer, contractor, distributor, consultants, .
employee, shareholder or otherwise.
Charitable Donations: An interaction made in the form :
of cash or in-kind to a non-profit organization or through
HSA charitable society with nothing given in return that
is used to help the organization accomplish its goals and .
objectives. The organization may have a religious, .
educational, literary, charitable, or scientific purpose.
Corruption: Dishonest, fraudulent or illegal conduct for
personal benefit (or the benefit of a third party), often
involving an abuse of power. Corruption takes many
forms, including but not limited to Fraud, Money .
Laundering and Bribery. .
Facilitation Payment: An official or unofficial payment
B B
made directly or indirectly to a Public Official, private
entity, or individual to prompt that individual Public
Official, private entity or individual to perform or
expediate a routine act that the Public Official, private
entity, or individual is required to perform as part of their
ordinary duties.
Fraud: The taking or gaining from another property,
B B
money, vouchers or anything of value by deception,
lying or trickery. Some examples of Fraud include theft,
falsification of costs or expenses, forgery or the
VERSION 02 2024 Page 4 of 13

--- Page (5) Start ---

An ti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy
Legal and compliance
HSA Group - Yemen Region
alteration of documents, unauthorized destruction or
removal of records and misuse of confidential
information.
Gifts, Entertainment, and benefit: Gift(s) or
B B
entertainment offered to or by a third party in the
context of a Group inter- action as described in this
policy. .
HSA Activity means any activity which is financed, " "
administered or supported by HSA, or proposed to be
financed, administered or supported by HSA, specifically
including, but not limited to, any projects financed by
HSA as well as procurement, including internal
procurement.
Group Personnel: all employees of HSA Group at all :
B B
levels and grades, whether permanent or temporary, as
well as any officers, directors, consultants, agents or
other representatives of HSA Group, whether or not
employed, and any other persons acting on behalf of or .
in the interests of HSA Group.
Money Laundering: The process of hiding illegal funds or :
B B
making those funds look as though they are legitimate. .
Political Contribution: A contribution made to a :
B B
politician or political campaign or a political party. .
Public Official, includes: :
Any officer or employee of any national, regional,
local, or other government or any department,
agency, or entity of such a government, including
any elected or appointed official, in any branch .( )
(executive, legislative, or judiciary).
Any officer or employee of a company or an
enterprise owned or controlled by or performing a )
function of a government (e.g., national energy and
transportation companies, healthcare providers, .(
and state-owned telecom companies).
Any officer or employee of a public or state-
sponsored university or research organization. .
Any political party, political party official or
candidate for public office at any level. .
Any officer or employee of a public international )
organization (e.g., the World Bank, the International .(
Monetary Fund, or the United Nations).
Any member of a royal family or member of the .
military.
VERSION 02 2024 Page 5 of 13

--- Page (6) Start ---

An ti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy
Legal and compliance
HSA Group - Yemen Region
Any individual acting in an official capacity for or on
behalf of any of the above categories (whether paid ( )
or unpaid); and
Any individual otherwise categorized as a Public
Official under applicable local laws or any Group .
policy.
Sponsorships: the act of supporting a person,
organization, or activity by giving money,
encouragement, or other help to promote a company s
reputation, brands, products and services. .
4. Principles and Rules .
This Policy outlines the behavior and principles required
to support HSA Group's commitment to conducting
business in an ethical manner. Anti-bribery laws and
regulations can be complex. This Policy will enable
Group Personnel and all Business Partners to recognize
when issues arise; avoid prohibited conduct where the
issues are clear, and promptly seek guidance where they
are not.
4.1. Prohibitions on offering or giving of : -
Bribes
Any Persons: Group Personnel are prohibited from
engaging in the following behavior (directly or indirectly,
including on behalf of or through a third party):
Offer, promise or give anything of value to another )
person (directly or indirectly and regardless of the
amount) with the intent to improperly influence a
business-related decision or in order to obtain a
benefit or advantage for HSA Group or for a third
party, including but not limited to a party owned,
controlled or associated with any Group Personnel
or family members of Group Personnel; or
Encourage any person to act improperly or reward
them for doing so. This includes if they would be .
acting improperly by accepting anything of value. .
Public Officials: Group Personnel must not offer, promise
or give anything (directly or indirectly) to try and
influence a Public Official to act in their capacity as a
Public Official in any way, including refraining from .
acting.
It does not matter if the Public Official's act (or failure to
act) would be improper or lawful and it does not matter
if the Public Official actually received the bribe or not -
VERSION 02 2024 Page 6 of 13

--- Page (7) Start ---

An ti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy
Legal and compliance
HSA Group - Yemen Region
what matters is the intention to act corruptly. An offence
will be deemed to have been committed regardless of
whether the Public Official actually carries out such an
act or refrained from taking any action. .
A Bribe does not need to involve money, it can involve
anything of value, whether material or not and it simply
includes the act of offering something of value, whether
or not it is ultimately given or received. .
4.2. Prohibition of receiving Bribes -
Group Personnel must not (directly or indirectly, )
including on behalf of or through a third party): : (
Request, agree to receive or accept anything of )
value (whether material or not); or . (
Request or agree that anything of value be given to
a third party, in each case in return for a promise to
improperly influence (or with the intent of improperly
influencing) a business-related decision or in order (
to obtain a benefit or advantage for a third party,
including but not limited to a party owned,
controlled or associated with any Group Personnel
or family members of Group Personnel, or otherwise
for the purpose and with the intent of taking
improper actions or requesting or agreeing that
someone else act improperly in breach of the
provisions of this Policy.
4.3. Gifts, Entertainment and Benefits -
Group Personnel must not offer or accept any Gift or
Entertainment to or from other Group Personnel,
companies, or third parties in any of the following :
circumstances, when:
There is no legitimate business reason for doing so. .
The offering or acceptance may create an .
appearance of impropriety.
It is in the form of cash or a cash equivalent. .
The Gifts or Entertainment or benefits is
disproportionately lavish or extravagant or is
inconsistent with cultural, ethical or professional .
norms.
There is an actual, or suspected, corrupt intent,
expectation or implied obligation or action in return. .
VERSION 02 2024 Page 7 of 13

--- Page (8) Start ---

An ti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy
Legal and compliance
HSA Group - Yemen Region
It is to or from someone that has a reputation of
impropriety, unethical or illegal conduct of which
you are aware; and
In doing so may breach applicable laws, including
foreign laws that apply to parties or conduct outside
of Yemen. .
Subject to the absence of any of the circumstances
outlined above (where no offering of Gifts or
Entertainment is permitted under this Policy to any third
party), Gifts and Entertainment may be offered by Group
Personnel to employees or other representatives of
commercial enterprises that have no government
ownership up to the value limits set out in the chart below
without seeking advance approval under this Policy, and
provided that such Gifts and Entertainment are offered
consistent with the policies of such commercial
enterprises such gifts must be recorded in the
. ﺔﻛﺮﺸﻠﻟ
company s gift register.
Written approval from function heads, direct managers,
and compliance managers is always required
(regardless of value) when Group Personnel propose to
offer/ receive any Gifts or Entertainment to a Public /
Official or government-owned entity (regardless of the )
share of government ownership) written approval can
be obtained through submitting an approval form.
Public
Official/
Item Commercial Entity
Government-
ﺔ ﻣﻮﻜﺤﻠﻟ
Owned Entity
USD 100 per person
/ per event with /
Gifts
applied terms and
conditions
Sponsored Travel Any value is
and Hospitality prohibited Any value is
USD 100 per person prohibited
Entertainment and / per event with /
Meals applied terms and
conditions
Any value is
Sponsorships
prohibited
VERSION 02 2024 Page 8 of 13

--- Page (9) Start ---

An ti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy
Legal and compliance
HSA Group - Yemen Region
4.4. Facilitation Payments -
HSA Group does not accept and will make any form of
Facilitation Payment of any nature. In some countries,
including Yemen, it may be considered normal practice
to make Facilitation Payments, but it is also the case that
international conventions on bribery and the laws of
almost all foreign countries consider Facilitation
Payments as Bribery.
HSA Group recognizes that Facilitation Payments are a
form of Bribery which involves expediting or facilitating
the performance of a Public Official for a routine
governmental action. .
Payments made in Yemen under the directive of formal
laws and legislation, official taxes enacted by
government bodies or local public bodies, may be
deemed to be acceptable where the provision of
legitimate and traceable receipts are provided upon .
completion of a payment. Any other payments outside
of this scope will be considered to be a Facilitation
Payment and are prohibited. .
4.5. Political Contributions, Charitable -
Donations and Sponsorships
Political Contributions
HSA Group does not make Political Contributions,
whether in money or in-kind to any third party whether in
Yemen or in other jurisdictions. Any request for Political
Contributions made at the request of a Government
Official or a business partner should be notified
immediately to the Legal and Compliance Department.
Charitable Donations
Charitable Donations may be permitted to build HSA
Group s brand and reputation in the communities
and/or jurisdictions in which HSA Group operates. If you
are approached by a third party who invites HSA Group .
to make a Charitable Donation, then you should direct
that third party to the Marketing and Communications
team and Legal and Compliance Department.
Charitable Donations on behalf of or associated with
any Group company are to be made through HSA
Group s charitable society. .
VERSION 02 2024 Page 9 of 13

--- Page (10) Start ---

An ti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy
Legal and compliance
HSA Group - Yemen Region
Sponsorship
HSA Group engages in several community Sponsorship
initiatives. All requests for Sponsorship should be
managed and approved by the Marketing and
Communications team. Sponsorships offered or given .
by HSA Group be formalized by way of a legal
agreement between the relevant parties.
5. Roles and Responsibilities .
Training and Awareness: Group Personnel must :
familiarize themselves with this Policy and participate in
periodically held training sessions. .
Managers: It is the responsibility of every manager to :
adhere to this Policy within his or her area of functional
responsibility, to lead by example, and to provide .
guidance to those employees reporting to him or her.
Employees: All Group Personnel are responsible for :
adhering to the principles and rules set out in this Policy
and seek clarification on any questions or concerns .
related to the content of this Policy.
Employees may contact, at any time, the Human .
Resources Department or the Legal and Compliance
Sector in case of any inquiries.
Group Legal and Compliance Department: HSA Group :
Legal and Compliance Department is responsible for
ensuring all events of Bribery, Corruption, or other forms
of unethical practices described within this Policy that
have been reported are reviewed and addressed. .
6. Reporting of misconduct .
The proper reporting sequence must be followed, in
order to verify the seriousness of the report and the .
ability to follow up on all reports.
Employees can contact the Investigations and
Compliance Audit department directly, through: :
Using the web-based platform (EthicsPoint) which is an ( )
independent website supported by Navex Global which Navex Global
is accessible by the internal and external stakeholders to
report compliance violations: :
hsa-Yemen.ethicspoint.com hsa-Yemen.ethicspoint.com
Or using a mobile phone using QR Codes available on
banners in each company Reception or HR Office or TV
Screens or any other place according to availability.
VERSION 02 2024 Page 10 of 13

--- Page (11) Start ---

An ti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy
Legal and compliance
HSA Group - Yemen Region
Or they can use one of the options given below : :
Direct Manager
Another manager
General Manager or Deputy General manager
Any member of the HR team
Any member of the Legal team
Any member of the Compliance team
The reporting site is used using any computer or mobile
phone connected to the Internet, or even scanning the )
square code (QR code) with the phone's camera or (QR code -
programs specialized in reading the code, for easy
access to the site, which will be spread on different sites .
and on networks and internal locations.
Other channels such as reporting by using a dedicated
hotline or dedicated reporting applications or
combining reporting procedures with complaints may
be introduced in the future, and the guidelines and .
notifications will be updated.
Anonymous reporting of alleged misconduct is
permitted, though anonymity may make it more difficult
to examine an allegation properly and thoroughly. .
VERSION 02 2024 Page 11 of 13

--- Page (12) Start ---

An ti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy
Legal and compliance
HSA Group - Yemen Region
7. Annex 1: Gifts & Entertainment Compliance Clearance Form
A. Are you giving or receiving gifts and entertainment? Please tick the relevant boxes:
Giving
☐
Receiving
☐
Gift Accommodations Entertainme Flight tickets Benefits Others
nt
☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐
B. Name of the giver (including company name and
position in the company)?
C. Name of the recipient (Including company name
and position in the company)?
D. Purpose of the Gift & Entertainment?
E. Value of the Gift & Entertainment (Please state the
amount in USD)?
F. Nature of the Gift & Entertainment
G. Date of receipt of the Gift and Entertainment
H. Intended Date of Offering the Gift and
entertainment.
Submitted by:
Name:
Signature:
Designation:
Date:
Approval given by the Chief Compliance Office
Name:
Signature:
Designation:
Date:
VERSION 02 2024 Page 12 of 13

--- Page (13) Start ---

An ti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy
Legal and compliance
HSA Group - Yemen Region
☐ ﺢﻨﻣ
☐
ﻲ ﻘﻠﺗ
☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐
VERSION 02 2024 Page 13 of 13

