--- Page (1) Start ---

International Trade &
Financial Sanctions Policy
VERSION 01 - 2024 -
Legal and Compliance
HSA Group - Yemen Region -
www.hsayemen.com

--- Page (2) Start ---

In ternational Trade & Financial Sanctions Policy
L egal and compliance
HSA Group - Yemen Region -
Table of contents
1. Purpose 3
2. Scope 3
3. Definitions and Clarifications 3
4. Policy Overview 6
5. Policy Statement 7
6. Roles and Responsibilities 9
7. Reporting of misconduct 12
8. Document Management 12
VERSION 01 2024
Page 2 of 12

--- Page (3) Start ---

In ternational Trade & Financial Sanctions Policy
L egal and compliance
HSA Group - Yemen Region -
1. Purpose
Hayel Saeed Anam Group - Yemen Region
(hereinafter referred to as the HSA Group ) is
committed to conducting business in a professional
and ethical manner, with integrity in all of its
business dealings.
This International Trade & Financial Sanctions Policy
( Policy ) illustrates the Group's policy for ensuring
that it conducts its business in compliance with the
economic sanctions programs administered by
relevant Sanctions Authorities. HSA Group does not
engage in transactions or conduct in violation of
applicable sanctions or export controls laws. .
2. Scope
This Policy applies to all Group Personnel and all
Business Partners, and must be read, understood,
and applied in the broader context of
responsibilities that you have under the Group Code
of Conduct. This Policy may also be applied and
adapted to entities in which Group has an interest
in. Group Personnel and all Business Partners must
read and comply with this Policy as well as all
applicable supporting policies and procedures
including but not limited to the Group's:
Code of Conduct.
Anti-Money Laundering (AML) and Countering
Terrorism Financing (CFT) Policy.
Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy. .
Business Partners Compliance Risk Management .
Policy.
Where local customs, standards, laws, or other local
policies apply and are stricter than the provisions of
VERSION 01 2024
Page 3 of 12

--- Page (4) Start ---

In ternational Trade & Financial Sanctions Policy
L egal and compliance
HSA Group - Yemen Region -
this Policy then the stricter rules must be complied
with. However, if this Policy provides for stricter rules
than the local customs, standards, laws, or other
local policies then the stricter provisions of this
Policy shall continue to apply.
3. Definitions and Clarifications
The following terms and acronyms are used within
this document and are defined as follows:
50 Percent Rule: A rule administered by OFAC which :
states that the restrictive measures applicable to an
SDN apply automatically to any entity owned
SDN
directly or indirectly 50 percent or more by one or
more SDNs, even if not specifically named to the
SDN
SDN List (i.e., the entity will be deemed to be an SDN
) .SDN
by OFAC). SDN
Business Partner: An individual or company who has
some degree of involvement with HSA Group -
Yemen Region s business dealings, whether as
supplier, service provider, customer, contractor,
distributor, consultants, employee, shareholder or
otherwise.
Group Personnel: all employees of the Group at all :
levels and grades, whether permanent or temporary,
as well as any officers, directors, consultants,
agents, or other representatives of the Group,
whether or not employed, and any other persons
acting on behalf of or in the interests of the Group.
. ﺎﻬﺤﻟﺎﺼﻟ ﻞﻤﻌﻳ
HSA Activity: means any activity which is financed,
administered, or supported by HSA, or proposed to
be financed, administered, or supported by HSA,
specifically including, but not limited to, any projects
financed by HSA Group as well as procurement,
including internal procurement. .
EU: The European Union.
. :EU
US: United States of America.
. :US
VERSION 01 2024
Page 4 of 12

--- Page (5) Start ---

In ternational Trade & Financial Sanctions Policy
L egal and compliance
HSA Group - Yemen Region -
UK: United Kingdom of Great Britain.
. : (UK)
UNSC: United Nations Security Council
. UNSC:
OFAC: The US Department of the Treasury s Office
OFAC:
of Foreign Assets Control, which administers and
enforces US economic and trade sanctions
programs, including against countries, entities, and
individuals.
OFSI: The Office of Financial Sanctions
OFSI:
Implementation within His Majesty's Treasury of the
United Kingdom, which ensures that financial
sanctions are implemented and enforced in the UK.
Sanctions Authority:
The United Nations Security Council (the Council )
as a whole and not its individual members).
The US Department of State .
The US Department of Commerce Bureau of
Industry and Security.
The US Department of the Treasury's Office of
Foreign Assets Control.
The European Union Council and/or Commission ) /
(including any present or future member state of
the European Union).
The Office of Financial Sanctions
Implementation within His Majesty's Treasury of
the United Kingdom.
The United Kingdom Department of Business
and Trade .

Any other applicable government or regulatory
body, institution or agency having similar
jurisdiction.
Sanctions Laws: means economic or financial
sanctions together with any other law, regulation,
order, directive, or guidance (with the effect of law)
VERSION 01 2024
Page 5 of 12

--- Page (6) Start ---

In ternational Trade & Financial Sanctions Policy
L egal and compliance
HSA Group - Yemen Region -
imposed by a Sanctions Authority that imposes trade
or economic restrictive measures against countries,
territories, individuals, or entities.
Sanctions Target:
the government of any Sanctioned Territory.
to the extent restricted under Sanctions Laws,
any individual or entity that is (or was at the
relevant time) resident in, located in, organized .
under the laws of, or subject to the jurisdiction of,
a Sanctioned Territory.
any individual or entity that is designated on any
list promulgated administered, or enforced by a .
Sanctions Authority; or
any entity that is owned or controlled directly or
indirectly by, or any individual or entity acting for
or on behalf of, any of the foregoing or otherwise
targeted under any Sanctions Laws.
Sanctioned Territory: means any country or territory
that is, or whose government is, the target of
comprehensive economic or trade sanctions or
restrictive measures imposed by any Sanctions .
SDN: A Specially Designated National and Blocked
' ' :SDN
Person under OFAC's framework.
.(OFAC)
4. Policy Overview
While the Group's activities are largely confined to
Yemen, there are a number of Sanctions Laws which
may dictate (directly or indirectly) where and with
whom the Group can conduct business activities.
The Group may also be subject to prohibitions or
restrictions on conducting business in certain .
territories or with certain third parties based on the
provisions of agreements entered into with Business
Partners, or the terms and conditions of
arrangements entered into with banks and other
financial institutions. Failure to comply with these
programs and contractual obligations could have
serious financial consequences and reputational risk
VERSION 01 2024
Page 6 of 12

--- Page (7) Start ---

In ternational Trade & Financial Sanctions Policy
L egal and compliance
HSA Group - Yemen Region -
for the Group and may result in disciplinary action
being taken against any Group Personnel who
approved, directed, facilitated, or had knowledge of
such violations or breaches. The purpose of this
Policy is to ensure that all business transactions are
conducted in compliance with all applicable
Sanctions Laws and regulations.
Sanctions is a complex area of the law and as such
all Group Personnel are required to not only ensure
that they understand this Policy but must also
actively engage with the Chief Legal & Compliance
Officer or Compliance Manager at the beginning of
each business transaction to ensure that
transactions do not breach any Sanctions program
or the provisions of agreements entered into by the
Group with third parties. .
The rationale to impose Sanctions on a third party is
based on diverse interests, including political,
economic, and national security interests. These
interests change rapidly and therefore Sanctions are
subject to significant and constant change.
Under no circumstances should any international
business transactions be conducted contrary to this
Policy.
You must contact the Chief Legal & Compliance
Officer or Compliance Manager if you have
questions or if you need to screen or undertake other
due diligence on a Business Partner. .
5. Policy Statement
The Group will comply with all applicable Sanctions
Laws at all times.
Prior to engaging in any particular business activity
or proposed transaction, the Group will assess
whether or not that business activity or proposed
transaction is in compliance with applicable
Sanctions Authority Laws.
Where a business undertaking or proposed
transaction may not be in compliance with Sanctions
Authority Laws or a business unit is unsure as to
whether the business undertaking or proposed
transaction is in compliance with Sanctions
VERSION 01 2024
Page 7 of 12

--- Page (8) Start ---

In ternational Trade & Financial Sanctions Policy
L egal and compliance
HSA Group - Yemen Region -
Authority Laws, then the Chief Legal & Compliance
Officer must be notified immediately in writing and
all engagement in the business undertaking or
proposed transaction must immediately cease until
advice has been provided as to whether or not the
business undertaking or proposed transaction .
complies with Sanctions Authority Laws.
The Group will not employ a Sanctions Target or
appoint a Sanctions Target as a director or officer of
any company within the Group.
The Group will not assist or support a transaction by
or with a Sanctions Target where to do so would be
in breach of an applicable Sanctions Authority Laws
The Group will not assist or support a transaction by
or with a Sanctions Target where to do so would be
in breach of any Sanctions Authority Laws, unless
explicit prior approval has been obtained in writing
from the Chief Legal & Compliance Officer and
Managing Director.
The Group is committed to providing full
transparency with respect to financial information to
the banks that it works with. This means that the
Group will provide accurate and complete details of .
the nature of transactions as required by the banks
that it works with.
The Group and Group Personnel will not knowingly
assist any third party in breaching Sanctions
Authority Laws. Group Personnel should not make
statements or engage in conduct that is designed to
evade applicable Sanctions Authority Laws or this
Policy.
The Group will further support compliance of this
Policy through its Business Partners Risk
Management Policy.
By way of further guidance and further Policy
Statements, including specific restrictions on
activities by the Group and any Group Personnel,
please refer to Annex A. Outline of Sanctions .
Regimes, which forms an integral part of this Policy. " "
VERSION 01 2024
Page 8 of 12

--- Page (9) Start ---

In ternational Trade & Financial Sanctions Policy
L egal and compliance
HSA Group - Yemen Region -
6. Roles and Responsibilities
Responsibility: The Finance and Procurement
Departments of the Group or operating companies
should refrain from engaging with any third parties in
contract or principle until all screening and Business
Partners compliance risk management have been
met by the third party. Furthermore, no payments
should be made to third parties until they have been
whitelisted by the Group s engagement standards.
Training and Awareness: To promote awareness of
the Group's obligations under applicable Sanctions
Authority Laws, and to help all Group Personnel
understand their roles and responsibilities under this
Policy, the Group will provide periodic training. All
designated Group Personnel are required to
participate in and complete the Group's general
sanctions training program. New hires will receive .
training during orientation as appropriate. The
Group will maintain records of training materials and
attendance at training sessions.
Managers: It is the responsibility of every manager
to adhere to this Policy within his or her area of
functional responsibility, to lead by example, and to
provide guidance to those employees reporting to
him or her. Managers and the Executive Leadership
shall:
set the tone with respect to acting with integrity .
at the Group.
ensure that senior management and business
units are aware of the applicable International
Sanctions Authority law(s) that apply to their
business units.
ensure that business units understand and .
comply with this Policy.
circulate reminders quarterly to Group Personnel
regarding the principles set out in this Policy.
provide appropriate resources and support to
ensure the successful implementation of this
Policy. .
VERSION 01 2024
Page 9 of 12

--- Page (10) Start ---

In ternational Trade & Financial Sanctions Policy
L egal and compliance
HSA Group - Yemen Region -
encourage questions and reports of concern and
promote corrective actions when needed.
ensure that the requirements of this Policy are
reflected in key operating procedures and
processes and assign ownership of the
compliance risks identified in this Policy; and
Ensure a culture of compliance and effective
controls and communicate the serious
consequences of non-compliance to Group
Personnel.
Employees: All Group Personnel are responsible for
adhering to the principles and rules set out in this
Policy and seek clarification on any questions or
concerns related to the content of this Policy. All
Group Personnel must:
read, understand, and comply with this Policy. .
familiarize themselves and have a sound
understanding as to how this Policy applies to /
their function/business group and their .
role/responsibilities.
promptly report any actual or potential
breaches of this Policy. .
seek guidance and ask questions relating to this
Policy from their line manager, senior
management, or the Compliance Department. .
undertake all training and participate in
awareness sessions in relation to this Policy. .
Employees may contact, at any time, the
Compliance Department/ Representative in case of
any inquiries.
Group Legal and Compliance Department: The
Group Legal and Compliance Department is
responsible for ensuring all sanctions-related
matters described within this Policy that have been
reported, documented, reviewed, and addressed.
The Group Legal and Compliance Department is the
custodian of this Policy and is responsible for:
VERSION 01 2024
Page 10 of 12

--- Page (11) Start ---

In ternational Trade & Financial Sanctions Policy
L egal and compliance
HSA Group - Yemen Region -
periodically evaluating the effectiveness of this
Policy; and
reviewing and revising as necessary to reflect
any changes required by applicable laws,
policies, and procedures
ensuring awareness and understanding of this
Policy through training and awareness
programs.
making reasonable steps to assess if this Policy
is complied with including appropriate
monitoring of activities where necessary.
working with the Group's companies to assess,
where applicable, any risks, develop and monitor
controls that have been implemented to ensure
compliance with this Policy and any related
policies and procedures.
reviewing all requests for clarifications related to
this Policy; and
developing training and communication .
initiatives related to this Policy.
Audit and Assurance: The Compliance Team shall
undertake periodic audits and advise of any non-
compliance to the Compliance Department and
Chief Legal & Compliance officer.
7. Reporting of misconduct
The proper reporting sequence must be followed, in
order to verify the seriousness of the report and the
ability to follow up on all reports.
Employees can contact the Investigations and
Compliance Audit department directly, through :
Using the web-based platform (Ethics Point) which is ( )
an independent website supported by Navex Global
Navex Global
which is accessible by the internal and external
stakeholders to report compliance violations :
VERSION 01 2024
Page 11 of 12

--- Page (12) Start ---

In ternational Trade & Financial Sanctions Policy
L egal and compliance
HSA Group - Yemen Region -
hsa-Yemen.ethicspoint.com
hsa-Yemen.ethicspoint.com
Or using a mobile phone using QR Codes available
on banners in each company Reception or HR Office
or TV Screens or any other place according to
availability.
Or they can use one of the options given below : :
Direct Manager
Another manager
General Manager or Deputy General
manager
Any member of the HR team
Any member of the Legal team
Any member of the Compliance team
The reporting site is used using any computer or
mobile phone connected to the Internet, or even
scanning the square code (QR code) with the phone's
(QR code -
camera or programs specialized in reading the code,
for easy access to the site, which will be spread on
different sites and on networks and internal
locations.
Other channels such as reporting by using a
dedicated hotline or dedicated reporting
applications or combining reporting procedures with
complaints may be introduced in the future, and the
guidelines and notifications will be updated .
Anonymous reporting of alleged misconduct is
permitted, though anonymity may make it more
difficult to examine an allegation properly and
thoroughly.
8. Document Management
The document owner must check and if necessary,
update the document at-least once every 3 years, or
upon significant change in applicable laws &
regulation, or business, or after major incident.
VERSION 01 2024
Page 12 of 12

