--- Page (1) Start ---

BUSINESS PARTNERS CODE OF
CONDUCT
VERSION 01 - 2024
Legal and Compliance
HSA Group - Yemen Region -
www.hsayemen.com

--- Page (2) Start ---

Bu siness Partners Code of Conduct
L egal and compliance
HSA Group - Yemen Region -
Table of contents
1. Introduction 3
2. Purpose 3
3. Business Partners Guidelines 3
3-1 Conflicts of Interest 3
3.2 Gifts, Meals and Entertainment 4
3.3 Business and Financial Records 4
3.4 Bribery 4
3.5 Protecting Confidential 5
Information
3.6 Reporting Potential Misconduct 5
4. General Assumptions 6
VERSION 01 2024
Page 2 of 7

--- Page (3) Start ---

Bu siness Partners Code of Conduct
L egal and compliance
HSA Group - Yemen Region -
1. Introduction
This Code contains general requirements applicable
to all BP to HSA Group - Yemen Region. Particular BP
contracts may contain more specific provisions
addressing some of these same issues. Nothing in
this Code is meant to supersede any more specific
provision in a particular contract, and to the extent
there is any inconsistency between this Code and
any other provision of a particular contract, the .
other provision will control.
HSA Group - Yemen Region expects all of its
Business Partners to comply with the law and act
ethically in all matters.
2. Purpose
The Code of Conduct informs BP of the following:-
- :ﻲﻟﺎﺘﻟﺎﺑ
Maintain awareness and comply with all
applicable laws and regulations of the countries .
of their operation
Must disclose information on any situation that
may appear to present a conflict of interest .
HSA Group - Yemen Region has a zero-tolerance -
policy with regards to the Compliance Breach. .
Follows same values and ethics .
3. Business Partners Guidelines
3-1 Conflicts of Interest
Our Employees should have no relationship, financial
or otherwise, with any supplier, customer or other
business partner that might conflict, or appear to
conflict, with the employee's obligation to act in the
best interest of HSA Group - Yemen Region.
Friendships outside of the course of business are
inevitable and acceptable, but suppliers should take
VERSION 01 2024
Page 3 of 7

--- Page (4) Start ---

Bu siness Partners Code of Conduct
L egal and compliance
HSA Group - Yemen Region -
care that any personal relationship is not used to
influence HSA - Yemen Region employee's business
judgment.
If a Business Partner employee is a family relative -
(spouse, parent, sibling, grandparent, child,
grandchild, mother- or father-in-law) to an employee -
of HSA Group - Yemen Region, or if a BP has any )
other relationship with an employee of HSA Group - (
Yemen Region that might represent a conflict of
interest, the BP should disclose this fact to HSA
Group or ensure that HSA s employee does so. .
3.2 Gifts, Meals and Entertainment
Our Employees are prohibited from offering or
accepting anything more than modest gifts, meals
and entertainment from/to Business Partners.
Ordinary business meals and small tokens of
appreciation such as gift baskets at holiday time
generally are fine but should be reported by
employees, but BP should avoid offering
to/accepting from HSA employees travel, frequent .
meals or expensive gifts. Gifts of cash or cash .
equivalents, such as gift cards, are never allowed.
3.3 Business and Financial Records
Both the BP and HSA Group - Yemen Region must
keep accurate records of all matters related to the
supplier's business with HSA Group. This includes the
proper recording of all expenses and payments.
Suppliers should not delay sending an invoice or
otherwise enable the shifting of an expense to a
different accounting period.
3.4 Bribery
BP acting on behalf of HSA Group must comply with
applicable global corrupt practices, laws &
regulations, as well as all local laws dealing with
VERSION 01 2024
Page 4 of 7

--- Page (5) Start ---

Bu siness Partners Code of Conduct
L egal and compliance
HSA Group - Yemen Region -
bribery of government officials. In connection with
any transaction as a BP to HSA Group, or that
otherwise involves HSA Group, the BP must not
transfer anything of value, directly or indirectly, to
any government official, employee of a government-
controlled company, or political party, in order to
obtain any improper benefit or advantage. BPs must
keep a written accounting of all payments (including )
any gifts, meals, entertainment or anything else of (
value) made on behalf of HSA Group - Yemen
Region, or out of funds provided by HSA Group - -
Yemen Region. BPs must furnish a copy of this .
accounting to HSA Group upon request.
3.5 Protecting Confidential Information
BPs should protect the confidential information of
HSA Group - Yemen Region. BPs who have been
given access to confidential information as part of
the business relationship should not share this
information with anyone unless authorized to do so
by HSA Group. If a BPs believes it has been given
access to HSA s confidential information in error, the
BP should immediately notify its contact at the
Company and refrain from further distribution of the .
information.
Similarly, HSA Group - Yemen Region should not -
share with anyone the BP s information, if the BP is
under a contractual or legal obligation not to share
the information. .
3.6 Reporting Potential Misconduct
BPs who believe that an employee of HSA Group or
anyone acting on behalf of HSA Group, has engaged
in illegal or otherwise improper conduct, should
report the matter to the Company. The BP can
contact the Ethics & Compliance Office at:
Compliance@hsa.com.ye Compliance@hsa.com.ye
VERSION 01 2024
Page 5 of 7

--- Page (6) Start ---

Bu siness Partners Code of Conduct
L egal and compliance
HSA Group - Yemen Region -
or
Whistleblowing@hsa.com.ye, Whistleblowing@hsa.com.ye
or use HSA Ethics Line at :
hsa-yemen.ethicspoint.com hsa-yemen.ethicspoint.com
A BP s relationship with HSA will not be affected by
an honest report of potential misconduct. .
4. General Assumptions
HSA Group - Yemen Region's employees integrate
compliance into all aspects of their role, and we
articulate and encourage adherence to best
practice in international corporate compliance
across all our business functions. .
This Document describes some of HSA Group -
Yemen Region s core business conduct expectations
for suppliers and other external business partners.
For clarification purposes, this list is not exhaustive, .
and there may be additional expectations/
guidelines depending on the goods/services
provided. These will be provided on a case-by-case
basis, as relevant.
All Business partners, including suppliers, vendors,
contractors, consultants, agents, shareholders and
other providers of goods and services who do
business with or on behalf of HSA ( BPs ) are
expected to follow the business partners Code and ")
all other relevant policies1 as a condition of doing
business with HSA and its affiliates. BPs are also .
expected to communicate and apply the BPs Code
and relevant policies throughout their supply chain.
HSA Business Partners shall comply with all
applicable wage, working hours, and benefits laws
and regulatory requirements. BPs should also strive
to meet international standards for working hours
and rest periods including Prohibit all forms of forced
or compulsory labor, prohibit use of child labor, Treat
employees fairly, Respect employees rights and .
provide safe and healthy working conditions.
VERSION 01 2024
Page 6 of 7

--- Page (7) Start ---

Bu siness Partners Code of Conduct
L egal and compliance
HSA Group - Yemen Region -
HSA Business Partners shall carry out operations with
care for the environment, Health & Safety and
Society and comply with all applicable laws and
regulations.
HSA Business Partners shall compete fairly for HSA s
business and conduct all such business on behalf of
HSA in a lawful manner.
For all community related concerns and suggestions,
HSA develop anonymous Grievance channel which
guarantee no negative consequences for all those
who report, you can use:
www.community-hsa.ethicspoint.com www.community-has.ethicspoint.com
VERSION 01 2024
Page 7 of 7

